
No Force From Freedom License - Version 1

This is burdenless and unencumbered code that belongs to all, released under the
No Force From Freedom license, a public domain license. There are no
obligations. There are no restricted use cases. And especially, there is no
right to turn these freedoms into additional force, compulsion, or burden upon
any party. The code belongs to all equally and inseverably.


This is burdenless code. There are no obligations to use this code or new
liabilities generated in doing so. The code is yours. No use of the code
requires additional action by any party. This includes disclosure of any sort,
including attribution, open source, or even transmission of this very license.
This license places no requirements or contingencies on any other license. There
is no burden upon any entity to ensure access to the code or anything regarding
the code.


This is unencumbered code. There are no restricted use cases. The code is yours
to replicate, change, distribute, sell, or use, in any form, for any purpose, at
any time. Use of the code by any party is always inherently rightful in any
context.


There is no right to turn these freedoms into force, compulsion, or burden upon
any party under any circumstances. The code is also theirs, equally and
inseverably. No party has authority to use legal force or the threat of such
force to circumvent any right declared herein to belong to all parties, nor to
recover perceived damages only involving the manifestation of such rights. The
code cannot be stolen even when put up for sale, with the extent of valid legal
action limited only to any legally protected right, such as that of private
property, physical or intellectual, or any right to privacy and freedom from
unlawful trespassing. Targeted reverse engineering which only yields the code is
the right of all, with the extent of valid legal action limited only to any
retained legal right preventing reverse engineering of any other protected code.
The use of any product that incorporates the code is not actionable under law so
long as the use only invokes elements of the code, with the extent of valid
legal action limited only to the invocation of some other protected code in the
event such invocation is not functionally a no-op and is not free from liability
or restriction. The list of legal actions that can not be taken is suggestive
and not exhaustive, and any valid legal action taken must defend at least one or
more elements other than, and only any elements other than, the code, its
inherently burden free use, or the manifestation and/or expression of any right
of freedom declared here to rightfully belong to all parties.


In jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors of the
code dedicate any and all copyright interest in the code to all equally and
inseverably, including any person, entity, or group, human or non-human, which
ever wishes to exercise their rightful ownership. We make this dedication for
the benefit of the universe at large and to the detriment of no party, since we
have deprived our heirs and successors of nothing, rather guaranteeing them
equal freedom of use to what we as authors ever possessed, even if not having
the means to ensure their access or introduction, as we ourselves are unable to
ensure our own continued and uninterrupted holdings, since no party is
responsible to ensure access or copy nor ever was. We intend this dedication to
be an overt act of relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and future
exclusionary rights to the code under copyright law while not relinquishing our
full ownership equally and inseverably with all others.


We wish to make it known that the No Force From Freedom license is the result of
placing value in freedom and denouncing enslavement. We do not accept that
actions made through freedom and choice may somehow bestow a right to force,
control, intimidate, or enslave. We recognize that freedoms should not birth
shackles, and that no third party can ever rightfully grant a party the power to
introduce force or control when all culminating events occurred only through
freedom and choice. We apply this value here to the code, recognizing its
applicability, that we used freedom and choice to create the code, freedom and
choice to expose the code to your eyes here, and freedom and choice to state our
wishes and expectations in relation to the code, and that these freedoms and
choices should not suddenly birth a "right" or authority to force, punish, hold
liable, limit, or enslave. When convention allows wielding of control against
some group or party for the pure direct benefit of only some other group or
party, slavery is present, and this we denounce.


THE CODE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE CODE OR THE
USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE CODE.


THE LICENSE NEITHER GRANTS NOR COULD GRANT ANY PARTY A FREEDOM TO BREAK LAW OR
DO HARM, NO MATTER HOW MANY FREEDOMS OR LACK OF RESTRICTIONS IT SPECIFIES,
INVOKES, IMPLIES, DEFENDS, OR CHAMPIONS. THE LICENSE DOES NOT SUGGEST EXISTING
LAW IS RELAXED OR NON-APPLICABLE. THIS LICENSE DOES NOT COUNTERACT OR ALTER ANY
EXISTING LAW. THE LICENSE IS NOT A FOUNDATION UPON WHICH TO DETERMINE AN
EXISTING LAW NON-APPLICABLE IN ANY CONTEXT. IN NO EVENT TO THE EXTENT POSSIBLE
BY LAW SHALL THE LICENSE, ITS AUTHORS, OR ITS WIELDERS BE LIABLE FOR ACTIONS
TAKEN BY OTHERS WHO ERRONEOUSLY BELIEVE THE LICENSE RELIEVES THEM OF ANY LEGAL
OBLIGATION OR REPERCUSSIONS.
